Feat: Metering and Billing customer entity (#3540)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/metering-and-billing/customer.md

---
title: "Customers and usage attributes"
content_type: reference
description: "Learn how Customers and usage attributes work in {{site.konnect_short_name}} Metering and Billing and how they access features."
layout: reference
products:
  - metering-and-billing
tools:
    - konnect-api
works_on:
  - konnect
breadcrumbs:
  - /metering-and-billing/
related_resources:
  - text: "{{site.konnect_short_name}} Metering and Billing"
    url: /metering-and-billing/
---

## What is a customer?

Customers represent individuals or organizations that subscribe to plans and gain access to features. 

Billable events ingested into OpenMeter always include a usage attribute.  

> Usage attributes represent usage-producing entities within your system, such as {{site.base_gateway}} [Consumers](/gateway/entities/consumer/), [Dev Portal applications](/dev-portal/self-service/), or [subjects](#what-is-a-subject) (for usage outside of {{site.konnect_short_name}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Billable events ingested into Metering & Billing always include a subject field that represents metered entities within your system, such as {{site.base_gateway}} [Consumers](/gateway/entities/consumer/), [Dev Portal applications](/dev-portal/self-service/), or [subjects](#what-is-a-subject) or entities outside of {{site.konnect_short_name}}.  
```
